= Todo =
  
  * [ ] Employment agreement (YCombinator and Cooley)
  * [ ] Purchase Agreement (YCombinator and Cooley)
  * [ ] Get a bank account. (YCombinator, Silicon Valley Bank or Square One)
  * [ ] H1B visa and lawyer ( YCombinator )
  * [ ] Accounting (YCombinator)
  * [ ] Patents (YCombinator)


  * [ ] Discuss with Cooley our current debt
  * [ ] Calculate to then reimburse the costs of travel for YC interview.
  * [ ] Fund gary(gleb)

  * [ ] Bally Total Fitness and NYC sports club
  

  

= How to fold/unfold =
  * zo: open fold under the curso
  * zc: close under the cursor
  * zC: close under recursively
  * za: toggle open/close
  * zR: Open all fold
  * zM: close all folds 

= Google Domain name settings =
  * Settings-Links
  * Mails Needed 
    * contact-domains@authy.com
    * d@authy.com
    * gleb@authy.com 
    *   

= Authy initial keys setup =

#<Device id: 1, secret_seed: "a5a80384c6ede14a08d30b9e4fb7fa5a"
#<Device id: 2, secret_seed: "30abf43340fc7b3a8e15bdf777ee860b",  

= Authy last Week =

- End-to-End android app (Marketplace)
- Twitter integration with Google Apps ( 2 accouts downloads )
- Set pivotal 
- Discuss development strategy

= Plata que mi papa me debe =

800 dolares de la venta del laptop
3,700,000 Derco
1,340.13 (Laptop apple navidad)
90 de las barberas

= Go to market strategy =

- Twitter with celebrities.
- Through our advisors.
- Build the consumer and business side.
- Partner with existing security consulting companies.
- Palantir, start slow, get certified, establish some ground then snowball.

= Ask =

- $350,000 convertible note
- YCombinator in the Winter ( Gary Tan, Alexis Ohanian(reddit), tarj haggar, Robert Morris (glebs academic advisor))
- Lead by an establish new york VC firm

= Razors =

1. Dovo Best Quality (ok)
2. Thiers Issard AOS (done honing)
3. Filarmonica #13 (Try one more shave)
4. Filarmonica #12 Black (needs honing at the toe)
5. FIlarmonica #12 Blue 
6. Tennis Fritz Bacht (done honing)
7. Puma #91 (perfection)
8. Boker Super Hollow Ground (needs a bit of honing at 8K)

= VC's =

1. Lerer Ventures
2. Peter Thiel
3. Fred Wilson
4. Get meetings on California 
5. Ron Conway
6. Talk shaherose
7. Andreseen horowitz, accel partners
8. Angellist
9. Adam from true ventures and brand from the foundry grup

= Authorization in the Rails App =

1. User can manage all accounts except those mark as SAML.
  - Better just manage all accounts that he has setup except those he can't (use an array to manage this permission)
2. If user is domain_admin he can manage(create, delete, modify) google apps accounts (admin panel)

= Notes for YC Application =

* FROM PAUL GRAHAM (http://ycombinator.com/howtoapply.html)
  1. most important question
    Please tell us in one or two sentences about something impressive that each founder has built or achieved.
    To me this is the most important question on the application. It's deliberately open-ended; there's no one type
    of answer we're looking for. It could be that you did really well in school, or that you wrote a highly-regarded
    piece of software, or that you paid your own way through college after leaving home at 16. It's not the type of 
    achievement that matters so much as the magnitude. Succeeding in a startup is, in the most literal sense, extraordinary,
    so we're looking for people able to do extraordinary things.

  2. What makes you distinct
    It's a common mistake to say the distinctive thing about your solution will be that it's well-designed and easy to use. 
    That is not an insight. You're just claiming you're going to execute well. Whoever wrote the current software was presumably
    also trying to. So you have to be more specific. Exactly what are you going to do that will make your software easier to use? 
    And will that be enough? The reason a lot of big companies' software sucks is that they have some kind of natural monopoly. 
    Unless you have a plan for cracking it, it won't make any difference if yours is better.

    
* FROM GARRY TAN

  Seems good, but you could probably just be more to the point. 

  => Google provides 2 factor authentication because its secure. In fact most
  people will provide it, and we're going to be the way to do it. 

  The other thing to address is how big you think the thing will be. Is it
  something that all people will use? What are all the possible and realistic
  uses for this? What are other websites or services that use it currently, how
  would you supplant those, and/or how would you introduce it to new websites or
  applications? 

For the video
    
  You guys need to look more determined. Happy is good, but determined is more
  important. Your cofounder stumbled on a few words, so I would make sure
  everything is very clear and concise.
 


= Angel list =

- TRACTION: who are our customers, how are we going to acquire them. 
- Gleb Bio
- A bit more on tech.
- Details of the API.
- Get someone notable commited.
- Other deal terms how much they have commited.
- 


= YC Combinator first meeting =

- http://www.archub.org/um
- First YC dinner January 3
- Create a founders@authy.com
- SUCCESS = amount of stuff between 2 meetings with PG
- PROTOTYPE DAY: 2nd week of jan
- Demo day: March 20
- SVB: Most founder friendly bank
- Clerky and Hellofax


= Expenses that authy reimburse dan =

- Tickets to YC interview: $640
- Sending check to apartment rental: $54
- Apartment rental deposit check: $700
- Travel to NY for YC interview: $760
- Hosting expenses: $100
- 2 Checks cashier: $20
- Fedex 2: $53
- Rent for 4 months: $12640
- Keyboard: 113
- Mouse: 93
- USB port 67.48
- morning mug 58
- Trip from bogota to SF for YC 1427
- wal mart: 37.51
- railscast 27
- dnsimple:  50
- nakana rest: 116
- fedex 19
- UPS 14.26
- virgin: 25
- bed bath and beyond: 330
- scoop and pither: 15
- ice maker: 173.98
- sublime: 140.70
- Malouf: 60
-
= Expenses to reimburse gleb =

- Tickets from cali to new york: $490
- Car Rental in SF: $345
- Domain Name: $600
- Height Adjustable Desks: $1507
-


